Update catalog-shared.md (#940)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/catalog-shared.md

Magento Commerce for B2B gives you the ability to maintain gated _shared_ catalogs with custom pricing for different companies. In addition to the standard _master_ product catalog, it provides customer access to two types of shared catalogs with different pricing structures.

> If the [Shared Catalog]({% link stores/b2b-features.md %}) feature is enabled in the configuration, the original master catalog continues to be visible from the Admin, but only the Default(General) public shared catalog is visible from the storefront. In addition, custom catalogs can be created that are visible only to members of specific [company]({% link customers/account-companies.md %}) accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the [Shared Catalog]({% link stores/b2b-features.md %}) feature is enabled in the configuration, the original master catalog continues to be visible from the Admin, but only the Default (General) public shared catalog is visible from the storefront. In addition, custom catalogs can be created that are visible only to members of specific [company]({% link customers/account-companies.md %}) accounts.
```

> For the Default(General) public shared catalog, You must need to assign products to display catalog on the storefront. By default Its empty and does not contains any products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Default (General) public shared catalog, You must need to assign products to display catalog on the storefront. By default, it is empty and does not contains any products.
```
